Update sentence for clarity (#6608)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4-web/index.md

### Pass Custom Event parameters to all events and Custom Item parameters to all recommended Ecommerce events

> To pass custom event parameters to all events on the page, navigate to your Set Configuration Mapping, click Show All Fields, and enter any custom Event Parameters, including page_view. Keep in mind that any event parameters that have the same parameter key in your other event mappings will take precedence over what is set in the Set Configuration Mapping. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pass custom event parameters to all events on the page, navigate to your Set Configuration Mapping, click **Show All Fields**, and enter any custom Event Parameters, including page_view. Any event parameters that have the same parameter key as your other event mappings will take precedence over what is set in the Set Configuration Mapping. 
```
